of so the key phrase their
current technology
you put a challenge dangle a
challenge in front of Engineers
they solve it provided you don't
require them to violate
known laws of physics the solid
so people to roll
radiation from the Sun and how
we gonna blow against an
interrupted
engineer solve it and then they
solved
your materials there absorb
radiation water is among them
you can imagine a ship that in
case in a show of water and this
is the world would cycle through
life-support systems the the
cooling systems
your own digestive system get
sry filtered and
it gets used as a as a
protective shield you get to
Mars
you build a shelter there
these dangers raise don't make
it through
rock and
the rocket be relatively thin at
that so I'm not worried about
that
way a bigger issue is can we
afford to do it
financial solve that problem
first the rest will come